---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---
Hello friends! My DREU has been going pretty well. Last weekend, I went to Haymarket, which was incredibly crowded and smelled like fish. I absolutely loved it. When we got back to the lab, we got the arm to learn to move an object from one end of a grid to the opposite end through the shortest path. In light of the arm's achievement, we decided to christen her Bubbles. Our next task for Bubbles is to make her stack some blocks, and make the code more modular and generalizable while doing so. We finished it, and Reuben suggested we structure some things differently. Once we finished those changes, Elaine looked at it and suggested more edits, so lately it's just been a lot of restructuring. Thankfully, the more we edit, the closer we are to being able to use that code for the future project. That project is not completely clear right now, but it will be a non-deterministic system, in which the robot doesn't know what the states are initially. For that, we'll need a camera, and he person working on the computer vision aspect will be none other than the new DREU student. He finally arrived this week, and his name is Edwin. So far he's mostly kept to himself. Hopefully we'll all be able to talk more once he gets involved in what we're working on, though. Anyways, after all of the excitement of this week, I went to Haymarket again to do some grocery shopping, and I'm going to walk around MIT and have ice cream at Toscanini's later today! Until next week!
