---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

Hi everyone! My first day of DREU was Thursday, May 23, so this is gonna be a summary of the past week and a half.  For my first couple days of DREU, I mostly just worked through the onboarding document, trying to get familiarized with ROS (Robot Operating System), and making sure I knew the basics of numpy, linux commands, and stuff like that. I feel very young compared to the people in the lab, cause most of them are Master's and PhD students, but they're all really nice and always willing to help. After my first two days of DREU, last weekend, I went to Boston Public Garden and Newbury Street. Transportation has been a little scary, but nothing I can't handle. Of course, I had to go to LA Burdick's Handmade Chocolates, and I bought a hot chocolate, which was absolutely scrumptious. My sweet tooth also led me to Amarino's and their hazelnut chocolate and raspberry sorbet gelatos that were to die for. The dessert places in Boston are really something. When I got back to the lab, I continued learning about ROS by doing actionlib and tf tutorials, and I started learning about reinforcement learning, specifically the Q-learning algorithm. I thought I was gonna be out of my depth, but it's actually really interesting, and I'm so excited to see what more I can learn about machine learning. On Thursday, Ishita (the other undergraduate participating in DREU) and I met with Dr. Short. She assigned us a project where we need to investigate the effects of human feedback on policy shifting, which is a reinforcement learning technique. We need to come up with a task for the robot to do, and I'm thinking maybe we could have it make a drink or something, a simple enough task that also has a diverse set of actions. We should have it decided soon. Anyways, that's all for now, thanks for reading!
